# Space Jump

Space Jump is a classic 2D platformer with a frustrating twist, space birds! The player must navigate through platforming obstacle courses while avoiding pesky space birds. The space birds come in two varieties: robo-cockatiels and robo-lovebirds. Robo-cockatiels are bigger, and faster than robo-lovebirds, but they are unable to kill the player. Instead, these clingly aviators obstruct the player's platforming by hovering above or beside them, knocking the player to their demise. Robo-lovebirds are the opposte of robo-cockatiels, though equally frustrating. These green and yellow, tropical space-birds are small, slow moving, and lethal. One touch of the feather will send the player right back to spawn. The obstacle courses are designed so that the player can (usually) backtrack or navigate around the birds, though they must act quickly. Teleportation totems are set throughout the levels so that the player can save thier location (set), and load it once again (teleport). To prevent this feature from breaking the game's meta, the player may only save when close to the teleportation totems. This also gives creative players an additional means of countering the space birds. One can draw the birds over to one side of the map, after dying for example, only to teleport a considerable distance away from them using the teleportation totem. Enjoy exploring the colorful world of Space Jump, while relaxing to its adorable theme! But most of all... beware the birds from space!

## Implementation
Created in Godot 3.2.2
